Q: Tell me about yourselfI am a governance and education rights advocacy specialist. I head Elimu Yetu Coalition as the National Co-ordinator which represents the civil society education movement in Kenya.What do you think about Education Cabinet Secretary Fred Matiang i s leadership in the sector?Dr Matiang i has been leading from the front. He is hardworking and focused to ensure the sector is reformed.What is your coalition about?The coalition was established to champion provision of quality basic education and training for all and also to build a strong movement with very clear direction and targets around basic education and training for all. It also champions the cause of education from a rights-based perspective to ensure it is accessible to all citizens, with particular regard to vulnerable and excluded groups.What does your job entail?Providing overall leadership and strategic direction nationally. Providing guidance and supervision of all campaign managers as well as finance and administration managers with an objective of achieving the desired results in line with Elimu Yetu s strategy.What did you study?I have Master of Business Administration (project management, monitoring and evaluation). Bachelor of Business Management (marketing and human resource management).You never studied teaching?No. I just happen to be an education rights advocacy specialistWhy the drive towards education?At the university I was secretary general of the students union and because of the union discriminatory issues, I was suspended for five years. I was not able to be admitted by any university and that s how I got to the advocacy and that s where the drive came from.What do you think about 2016 KCSE results?I feel the results showed a true reflection of our children s actual performance; in turn this provided a walk-up call to all teachers to ensure that they prepare students adequately.What do you think about selection criteria of schools?The current Form One selection process is fair but can be a source of discouragement to many higher scoring students who get admitted into either county or district schools.Name three of your strengths?My greatest strengths are being a problem solver, good communication skills and strong work ethics.What drives you?Passion to see every child access quality educationWhat did you do before this?I was working for the African Network Campaign on Education for all. It is a Pan-African body that works to ensure that all African children gets their rights to education.Who is your role model in the sector?Dr Matiang i has been a big inspiration to me. He is really advocating what civil societies have been yearning for. He is passionate about change.Tell us about your family?I am married and a mother of two children aged 11 and 8.How do you balance between work and family?While at work I give it my all and ensures I am not interrupted and when at home I touch nothing related to work, giving all myself to the family. No phone calls, no checking of e-mails.What s your favourite meal?Managu, Fish and UgaliWhat do you like doing in your free time?Being with my familyWhat mantra do you live by?Do your best in whatever you do and stay focused.Highlight some of your successesBeing appointed by the Minister for Education to chair the selection panel for the first National Education Board in 2012, whose role is to advise the minister on education policy matters. Also appointment by the CS to sit on the task force on affordable secondary education in which we ensured the gazettement that has reduced fees by nearly 50 per cent.Where do you see yourself in the five years?I will be holding a position that will enable me to cause the change I want to see and not have to go through someone else to get things done especially when it comes to education for all children and the rights of women and girls. email print email print President Kenyatta also orders resumption of school feeding programmes.Justice Maraga tells Wabukala he is taking over an office perceived as &#034;cursed&#034; but will triumph.