Winnie Wambui Naisula Ole Siameto burst into the scene with the song Tokelezea as a young, naive, up and coming artiste. Just as quickly as she came, she was gone. Rapper Chantelle got saved, married top music video director J Blessing and ventured into acting. Life was good and then things went dark when she lost her infant son. Why have you been keeping such a low profile these days?I have been working, strategising, pursuing my purpose in accordance with God s will. Sometimes it s good to keep a low profile because it redeems you, that is why I have not done many interviews over the last two years. I needed an opportunity to have my own space. You went into acting...My acting career has really taken off. I did Lies that bind in 2012, two movies in 2016 called Keeping up appearances and Better of the better half s . I also did Auntie Boss, Pendo, and Papa Shirandula. Busy, busy...Yes. I was also featured in a couple of adverts and now I have my new talk show called The Squad. Most of the time however, I work with my husband J Blessing at Link Video Global. What s your new talk show all about?The talk show is inspirational, fun, provocative and educational. It will give you nostalgic moments about hanging out with your favourite girls. The Squad features top notch entertainers who are not afraid of tackling any issue however controversial or taboo it may be. Do you have a specific role at Link Video?I do everything! Mimi ni mtu wa mkono. (I am like a handyman) I carry equipment, manage the business, other times I am a production assistant, just anything to ensure the company is successful. In fact the only thing I don t do is camera work. You have been married to Jibril Blessing now for six years, what s your view on marriage?It has totally changed me socially, spiritually and emotionally. It has matured me and taught me to embrace difference of opinion. When you invite someone you love into your space, your life changes. It has taught me patience, kindness, strength, and to always push to make it work. You guys look like a picture perfect couple, do you ever have any major issues?Wow! Thank you for the compliment. But yes, we have issues like everybody else. With us, we leave status at the door. I don t see him as a celebrity, but I see him for who he is. Challenges are there, but those are mountains that we conquer with time. The great thing about my husband is that he has encouraged me to discover my strengths, my purpose, and what I am good at... I m focusing more on that and I support where I can. He also surprises me with amazing things like a trip to Dubai, a treat here and there, he is amazing. You lost your son Kyle at just six months. How do you cope and find strength to move on?It brings tears every time I talk about this, I rarely talk about it but since Kyle s birthday was just a few days ago, I guess it s a good time to share my story. What keeps me strong is really prayers from friends and family. Sometimes I break down when I read all the good things people post on social media. Let me take this opportunity to thank all the strangers who have sent me encouragement and support messages, it has meant the world to me. I ve learnt that I may make all the plans in my head and envision my life but God has the final say. You know I asked God to give me Kyle exactly the way he was. I wanted a boy so badly but everyone kept on telling me I would get a girl. I also wanted him to look like his father but have my eyes and I got exactly that. My big, peaceful baby, good Lord, my angel, was 4.8kg at birth. My pregnancy period was the best ever, never got nauseated or disliked some type of food. All the same God knows best and I have no regrets. As the Bible says in Jeremiah 29:11; God has a plan for you, plans to prosper you and not to harm you to give you hope and a future. That s Gods promise to me and I trust in him. How would you advice those going through the same.To always know that every one of us has a purpose and time to make a difference. It is painful. Cry if you can, relive the moments where everything made sense, the happy times, the joy, and the happiness. And live your purpose. You were a one-hit wonder with Tokelezea, are you planning to get back to the rap game and what do you think about the female rappers out there.I am a little detached on what happens in the industry nowadays but I guess with the little I know, they are doing a great job. People know of you but very few people actually know you, how would you describe yourself?I am simply me. I wake up knowing that every day is an opportunity to make a difference in this world. We can meet every need and change people mindsets. I am motivated each day by purpose that God has given me to impact more lives here on earth. email print email print Foreign Affairs minister says she will promote local financing for the African Union.The government will purchase livestock from pastoralists, slaughter them and distribute meat to